A improved equation of state for Xe gas bubbles in U-Mo fuels Benjamin Beelera,, Yongfeng Zhanga, Yipeng Gaoa, Shenyang Hub aIdaho National Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID 83415 bPacic Northwest National Laboratory, Richland, WA 99354 Abstract A monolithic fuel design based on a U-Mo alloy has been selected as the fuel type for conversion of the United States High-Performance Research Reactors (HPRRs). A 2015 post-irradiation examination (PIE) report showed accelerated swelling in U-10Mo fuels at ssion densities much lower than previously observed. This PIE report showed a large amount of compositional banding, or regions of low Mo content adjacent to regions of high Mo content, with low Mo content typically along grain boundaries. Lower Mo content can lead to phase decomposition from the gamma U-Mo body-centered cubic phase to the alpha U phase as well as an earlier onset of recrystallization. Thus, the phenomenon of Mo depletion at grain boundaries is an important factor in the accelerated swelling behavior of U-Mo fuel. However, the physical origin of Mo depletion at grain boundaries is still unclear. In this work, molecular dynamics simulations have been performed to calculate the grain boundary and surface energies of body-centered cubic (bcc) U, bcc Mo and alloys of U-Mo from 600 K to 1200 K. It is observed that the lower grain boundary energy of bcc U, compared to bcc Mo, provides the driving force for Mo depletion at grain boundaries. This driving force diminishes with increasing temperature, but is not eliminated. This information can be utilized as inputs to higher length scale modeling methodologies and provide specication guidance to fabricators. 1. Introduction The United States High-Performance Research Reactor (USHPRR) program targets replacing current highly enriched uranium (HEU) fuel in high power research reactors with low enriched uranium (LEU) fuel [1]. Research reactors require fuel that operates at high power and reaches high ssion density, but at relatively 5 low temperatures. Typical research reactor fuel consists of aluminum (Al) cladding surrounding a fuel meat composed of fuel particles dispersed in an Al matrix [2]. In order to achieve a reduced enrichment in these fuel types, there is the requirement for increased uranium density. One way this is achieved is by utilizing  stabilized uranium alloys with 10 wt.% or less alloy content. The fuel design being pursued under the USHPRR program is a uranium-molybdenum (U-Mo) monolithic foil, with a zirconium (Zr) diusion 10 barrier in Al clad. Corresponding author Email address: benjamin.beeler@inl.gov (Benjamin Beeler) Preprint submitted to Journal of Nuclear Materials January 14, 2019An issue with U-Mo monolithic fuel is the large amount of swelling that takes place during operation[3]. Such swelling needs to be stable and predictable up to high ssion densities. Research reactor fuel types based on U-Mo are unique in their ability to stably retain ssion gases to high ssion densities, and as such there is a relatively high content of ssion gas and of ssion gas bubbles within the fuel matrix. The importance of swelling in addition to the unique 15 fuel environment has led to a variety of experimental studies characterizing the swelling behavior in U-Mo fuels [4, 5, 6, 7] which has led to the development of a swelling correlation as a function of ssion density from Argonne National Labortory (ANL correlation) [8] and Idaho National Laboratory [9]. The ANL correlation was intended to be applicable for low temperature (less than 250C) U-Mo alloys in the 7-10 wt.% composition range. A 2015 post-irradiation examination (PIE) report [10] 20 from Williams, et al. showed higher swelling in U-10Mo fuels at ssion densities much lower than previously observed. This accelerated fuel swelling behavior could lead to early fuel failure and was not captured by the ANL correlation. As such, a more mechanistic fuel swelling model is needed in order to predict swelling behavior of U-Mo fuels under both typical operating conditions, as well as transients, accident scenarios and dierent reactor environments. 25 Recently, substantial eort has been made on mesoscale models to describe the swelling behavior of U-Mo fuels [11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18]. These models rely on phase-eld and/or rate theory descriptions of ma- terial systems in order to model swelling on realistic timescales on a microstructural level. These simulation methodologies include a number of parameters that are either t to limited experimental data, calculated from lower length scale modeling methodologies, or assumed based on other material systems. However, the 30 thermodynamic properties of the bubbles (such as the relationship among bubble size, equilibrium Xe con- centration, and bubble pressure) are not well known. Implementation of correct thermodynamic properties into mesoscale and continuum level fuel performance modeling codes is crucial for the accurate prediction of fuel evolution under irradiation, particularly in regard to swelling. Xiao, et al. [19, 20] studied U-Mo-Xe bubbles of less than 2 nm in diameter, analyzing the pressure 35 and induced swelling with increasing Xe content. They also modeled bubble coalescence as a function of temperature. They observed interesting eects such as a decrease in bubble pressure and Xe density with increasing number of Xe atoms in present in the bubble. The origin of such anomalous eects is unclear. Recently, Hu developed an equation of state of Xe bubbles in U-Mo at 500 K by determining Xe density and pressure [21]. They also studied dislocation emission from ssion gas bubbles and suggested a possible cause 40 of the face-centered cubic ssion gas superlattice due to the tensile stress surrounding the bubbles. However, this work was restricted to a single temperature and very small bubbles of diameter less than 2 nm. This is typically the size of bubbles found in the ssion gas superlattice [8]. However, after grain renement, the superlattice bubbles coalesce and form much larger bubbles, up to 1 micron in diameter [10]. The inclusion of only small, highly pressurized bubbles into an equation of state that governs all possible Xe bubble 45 congurations excludes a signicant amount of information. Therefore, it is valuable to extend the previous work that was performed to investigate much larger systems and a wider variety of Xe concentrations within 2bubbles in order to incorporate as much information as possible to facilitate mesoscale models of ssion gas swelling and microstructural evolution in U-Mo fuels. Given that Xe gas bubble formation is a primary driver of fuel swelling in U-Mo fuel, and the current lack 50 of accurate data regarding fundamental properties of Xe bubbles in U-Mo, calculation of an equation of state for Xe in U-Mo via molecular dynamics is an achievable step in incorporating an accurate thermodynamic description of U-Mo-Xe bubbles. This work studies Xe bubbles in gamma U-Mo from a diameter of 3 nm up to 7 nm and from 400 K up to 700 K. The energetic relationship of Xe bubbles with regard to voids and Xe substitutional atoms is described. The transition is also determined for when a bubble becomes 55 over-pressurized. Finally, an equation of state is t to the pressure as a function of molar volume and temperature 2. Computational Details Molecular dynamics simulations are performed utilizing the LAMMPS [22] software package and the U-Mo-Xe embedded atom method (EAM) interatomic potential [23]. A supercell of 40x40x40 body-centered 60 cubic (bcc) unit cells (128,000 U atoms) is generated, and approximately 22 percent of U atoms are randomly switched to Mo atoms, yielding a U-10Mo (10 weight percent) alloy in the bcc structure. Relaxation of the bulk system is performed in an NPT-ensemble, relaxing each x, y, and z component individually, with a damping parameter of 0.1. A Langevin thermostat in the Gronbech-Jensen-Farago [24, 25] formalism is utilized with the damping parameter set to 0.01 ps. Temperatures of interest are 400 K, 500 K, 600 K and 65 700 K, which span the realistic operating temperatures for U-Mo fuels. The system is allowed to equilibrate for 100 ps at a given temperature, and subsequently a void is constructed by deleting a sphere of atoms from the center of the supercell. This void is relaxed for 100 ps under the same simulation conditions described above. In order to analyze bubbles, two sets of simulations are performed: an NPT and an NVT ensemble. 70 An NVT ensemble is utilized to mimic a bubble in a very large system that eectively exerts a resistive pressure on the bubble. This allows for the calculation of a Xe bubble pressure and a subsequent equation of state based on the density of the bubble. The NPT ensemble allows the system volume to change and to determine the transition between an under-pressurized bubble, where the volume of the system is less than the equilibrium volume of a U-10Mo alloy, to an over-pressurized bubble, where the volume of the system is 75 greater than the equilibrium volume of a U-10Mo alloy. The generation of bubbles is performed by inserting Xe atoms into the void one at a time, while relaxation of the system is ongoing. For smaller bubbles, the insertion rate is as low as one Xe atom per 5 ps. For the largest voids/bubbles investigated, the insertion rate is higher, with one Xe atom inserted every 2 ps. In order to track the bubble size, two atoms (one on either side of the void) are tracked throughout the simulation 80 and the distance between the two atoms is classied as the diameter of the bubble. The pressure of the bubble is determined by computing the stress per atom on each of the Xe atoms in the system, summing the 3individual components of the stress tensor over all Xe atoms and nally dividing by the degrees of freedom (three) and the volume of the bubble. The equation of state (EOS) for Xe bubbles is taken from Kaplun [26], which was also utilized in the 85 work of Hu [21], P = RT v 1 + c v .. b .. a v2 (1) where R is the gas constant for Xe (8.253 J/mol-K[26]), T is the temperature in K, P is the pressure in MPa, v is the molar volume in cm3/mol, and a, b, and c are tting parameters. This EOS reduces to the well known Van der Waals EOS when b=c. It appears that Hu [21] mislabeled the tting parameters in their equation, as the units do not match the equation. Thus, it is our interpretation that the EOS parameters 90 from Hu are a=259,780 J-cm3/mol2, b=18.928 cm3/mol and c= 280.658 cm3/mol. These parameters are utilized as the starting guess for the tting procedure in this work to obtain an optimized EOS. A minimization script is utilized to t the EOS to the determined pressure and molar volume data from the molecular dynamics simulations. The data is input into the script, and the squared error is summed and utilized to optimize the EOS, iterating by providing a random step to each of the a, b and c coecients and 95 only accepting the iteration if the summed error is reduced. 3. Results In order to generate bubbles in the methodology outlined above, voids of varying size must be generated. This allows for the calculation of a void surface area as a function of radius, which is shown in Fig. 1. It should be emphasized that all of these systems are random solid substitutional alloys of U-10Mo in an NVT 100 ensemble unless specically mentioned otherwise. It can be observed that the void surface energy converges above a radius of 20 for all temperatures to a value of approximately 1.2 J/m2. This is similar in magnitude to, albeit slightly lower than, the average surface energy for U-Mo free surfaces as determined in [27], which utilized an Angular-Dependent potential [28] capable of describing the U-Mo system. This calculation gives condence that voids are reaching a relaxed, converged state to provide a foundation for insertion of Xe 105 atoms to create bubbles. An example bubble is shown in Fig. 2. Atoms are progressively inserted into a void, leading to an increasing Xe to vacancy ratio as a function of simulation time, resulting in a highly pressurized Xe bubble at the end of the simulation. The maximum Xe/vacancy ratio obtained varies as a function of bubble radius, due primarily to the energetic relationships observed in U-Mo-Xe bubbles, and secondarily due to 110 computational expense. 4Figure 1: Void surface energy as a function of radius for voids in U-10Mo from 400 K to 700 K. Figure 2: A Xe bubble at 500 K with a diameter of 7.1 nm in U-10Mo as a function of time. Starting from a void (a), to a Xe/vacancy ratio of 0.16 (b), and a Xe/vacancy ratio of 0.32 (c). Red atoms are U, blue atoms are Mo and green atoms are Xe. 5The bubble formation energy can be calculated by the following equation: Ebub f = Ebub .. Nvoid Nsys Esys (2) where Ebub is the energy of the system with a bubble, Nvoid is the number of atoms in the system with a void, Esys is the energy of the bulk system (no voids or bubbles) and Nsys is the number of atoms in the bulk system. The energy per atom of Xe in its reference state is neglected in this calculation, as the energy 115 is suciently small (< 0.1 meV/at) to result in only statistically insignicant changes to formation energies. In order to compare dierent bubble sizes to one another, a relative bubble energy is dened as the bubble formation energy less the void formation energy. With this formalism, only the excess energy attributable to the Xe atoms and their subsequent inuence on the energy of the system is analyzed. This allows for the investigation of energetic eects of Xe bubbles for dierent bubble sizes. This relative bubble energy at 500 120 K is shown in Fig. 3 for bubbles of diameter 1.7, 3.1, 4.4, 5.8 and 7.1 nm. Figure 3: Relative bubble energy at 500 K as a function of Xe/vacancy ratio for bubbles of ve unique sizes. Bubble diameters labeled, units in nm. For all bubbles, there is a region below a Xe/vacancy ratio of 0.15 where additional Xe atoms inserted into the bubble produce no noticeable change in the relative bubble energy. There can even exist a slight reduction in system energy due to Xe aiding in the faceting of the low pressure bubble. Above a Xe/vacancy ratio of approximately 0.15, the relative bubble energy displays a quadratic increase as a function of the 125 Xe/vacancy ratio. The specic nature of the quadratic growth is dependent upon the bubble size, where a larger bubble displays a more rapid increase in relative bubble energy. This shows that it is much more dicult to obtain a high Xe/vacancy ratio in large bubbles compared to small bubbles. The energetic penalty of adding an additional Xe atom is much greater for a larger bubble than for a smaller bubble. 6The energetic preference for adding or removing a Xe atom into an existing bubble can be investigated by looking at the binding energy 130 of the nth Xe atom in a given bubble. The binding energy of the nth Xe atom in a given bubble can be dened as: Ebind = E(n) .. E(n .. 1) .. Eint Xe (3) where E(n) is the energy of system a bubble with n Xe atoms, E(n-1) is the energy of system a bubble with n-1 Xe atoms and Eint Xe is the formation energy of a Xe interstitial. The formation energy of a Xe interstitial is determined to be 6.8 eV. This energy is actually a Xe substitutional and a U interstitial, as 135 when a Xe interstitial is inserted into the system, it reorganizes into a Xe substitutional and U interstitial pair. The binding energy of the nth Xe atom in a given bubble is shown in Fig. 4, for all bubble sizes investigated. It is shown that the binding energy is negative for all Xe/vacancy ratios included in this study, illustrating that it is always favorable for a Xe atom to reside in a bubble, regardless of existing Xe/vacancy ratio, rather than to reside in the bulk U-Mo alloy. The binding energy does grow less strong with increasing 140 Xe/Vac ratio, as would be expected, but there is no observed scenario where it is energetically favorable for a Xe atom to reside in the bulk instead of as an atom in the bubble. Additionally, data for all bubble sizes is included in this graph as there is no observable dierence in Xe binding energy as a function of Xe/Vac ratio. Figure 4: Binding energy of the nth Xe atom in a bubble as a function of the Xe/vacancy ratio. In order to determine the under- to over-pressurized transition, simulations in an NPT ensemble at 500 145 K are performed to allow the volume to change as a function of time. The equilibrium volume of a U-10Mo alloy is determined prior to the introduction of a void and subsequent introduction of Xe atoms. A relaxed 7system with a void exhibits a reduced volume compared to the equilibrium system. As Xe is introduced into the void/bubble, the Xe exerts an outward force on the system. As progressively more Xe is added into the bubble, the pressure becomes signicant enough to expand the bulk system and increase the supercell volume. This work denes the 150 transition from under- to over-pressurized bubbles as the point where the volume of the system with a Xe bubble is equal to the equilibrium volume of a system with no void or bubble. Thus, at a lower Xe/vacancy ratio, the system will have a slightly lower volume than the equilibrium system, and at a higher Xe/vacancy ratio the system will have a slightly higher volume than the equilibrium system. The results are shown in Fig. 5. The system becomes over-pressurized at dierent Xe/vacancy ratios depending 155 upon the bubble diameter. For smaller bubbles, the transition occurs at a higher Xe/vacancy ratio. However, for the bubbles investigated, the range of variance for all bubble sizes is somewhat small. The transition occurs as early as a 0.19 Xe/vacancy ratio for a bubble of diameter 7.1 nm, and as late as a 0.26 Xe/vacancy ratio for a bubble of diameter 1.7 nm. Proceeding the transition, the volume increase is related to the size of the bubble as well, as larger bubbles see signicantly more rapid volume increase with a given increase 160 in the Xe/vacancy ratio. Particularly for large, bubbles, a decrease in volume can be observed for low Xe content, this is due to faceting of the bubbles, induced by thermal motion of Xe atoms within bubble, as previously mentioned. Figure 5: The relative volume of a system with a bubble as a function of Xe/vacancy ratio for ve unique bubble sizes. Bubble diameters labeled, units in nm. Finally, the equation of state can be determined by tracking the pressure inside the bubble and the bubble size as a function of the number of Xe atoms present in the bubble while the system is equilibrated in an NVT 165 ensemble, which provides a pressure versus density relationship. In order to extend the applicability of the EOS, temperatures from 400 K to 700 K are analyzed, for all bubble radii previously mentioned. Equation 81 is used to t pressure versus molar volume information, and the subsequent t, with included molecular dynamics data, is shown in Fig. 6. The data heavily overlaps and only shows minor dierences as a function of temperature and as such the individual isotherms are dicult to distinguish. As such, the MD data is removed in Fig. 170 7 and the optimized EOS is displayed on a log/linear scale to emphasize the dierences between the individual isotherms. The optimized coecients for the equation of state are a=40,000 J- cm3/mol2, b=18.03 cm3/mol, c=445.01 cm3/mol. Compared to the work of Hu, this is a signicant decrease in a, a similar value in b, and a substantial increase in c. The root-mean squared deviation (RMSD) over the entire data set is 829 MPa (note that the maximum pressure in the dataset is 7.4 GPa). Since the range 175 of pressures in this dataset covers multiple orders of magnitude, it can be better to investigate error with a normalized RMSD (NRMSD). One way of constructing a NRMSD is by dividing the RMSD by the range (the dierence of the maximum and minimum) of the dataset. In this way, the NRMSD of the optimized EOS compared to the MD data is 13%. Considering that the pressure in this dataset varies over 3 order of magnitude and the temperature varies over 300 K, this is reasonable agreement. The RMSD and the 180 NRMSD of the previously optimized EOS from Hu is calculated with respect to the MD data in this work, with observed deviations of 1234 MPa and 20%, respectively. Thus, this represents a 7% improvement over the most nely calibrated EOS for Xe bubbles in UMo in the literature, as well as a dramatic expansion on the range of applicability. Figure 6: An equation of state (EOS) for Xe bubbles in U-10Mo from 400 K to 700 K compared to molecular dynamics data. 9Figure 7: Four isotherms of the optimized equation of state (EOS) for Xe bubbles in U-10Mo. Axes are presented on a log/linear scale to emphasize dierences in the individual isotherms. 4. Conclusions This work 185 investigated Xe bubbles in gamma U-Mo from a diameter of 1.7 nm up to 10.5 nm. The energetic relationship of Xe bubbles with regard to voids and Xe substitutional atoms is described. The transition is determined for when a bubble becomes over-pressurized. Finally, an equation of state is t to the pressure as a function of molar volume. expand this a bit... The knowledge that the Xe/vacancy ratio depends on the bubble size and optimally decreases with 190 increasing bubble diameter is valuable, in that the assumption is typically made of a constant Xe/vacancy ratio, regardless of bubble size. Also, the proposed Xe/vacancy ratios in this study are somewhat lower than previous estimate of ssion gas densities in bubbles in U-Mo. The information provided in this work regarding bubble energetics, under- to over-pressurization transition, and an updated equation of state for Xe bubble in U-10Mo can be directly utilized to improve the delity of mesoscale models that describe ssion 195 gas induced swelling in U-Mo fuels. 5. Acknowledgement This work was supported by the U.S. Department of Energy, Oce of Material Management and Min- imization, National Nuclear Security Administration, under DOE-NE Idaho Operations Oce Contract DE-AC07-05ID14517. This manuscript has been authored by Battelle Energy Alliance, LLC with the U.S. 200 Department of Energy. The publisher, by accepting the article for publication, acknowledges that the U.S. 10Government retains a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable, worldwide license to publish or reproduce the pub- lished form of this manuscript, or allow others to do so, for U.S. Government purposes. This research made use of the resources of the High Performance Computing Center at Idaho National Laboratory, which is supported by the Oce of Nuclear Energy of the U.S. Department of Energy and the Nuclear Science User 205 Facilities. 6. References [1] J. Snelgrove, G. Hofman, M. Meyer, C. Trybus, T. Weincek, Development of very-high density low enriched uranium fuels, Nucl. Eng. Design 178 (1997) 119. [2] M. Meyer, J. Gan, J. Jue, D. Keiser, E. Perez, A. Robinson, D. Wachs, N. Woolstenhulme, G. Hofman, 210 Y. Kim, Irradiation performation of u-mo monolithic fuel, Nucl. Eng. Tech. 46 (2014) 169. [3] G. Hofman, L. Walters, T. Bauer, Metallic fast reactor fuels, Progress in Nuclear Energy 31 (1997) 83. [4] J. Rest, G. Hofman, Y. Kim, Analysis of intergranular ssion-gas bubble-size distributions in irradiated uranium-molybdenum alloy fuel, J. Nucl. Mater. 385 (2009) 563. [5] Y. Kim, G. Hofman, J. Rest, G. Shevlyakov, Characterization of intergranular ssion gas bubbles in 215 u-mo fuel, Tech. Rep. ANL-08/11, Argonne National Laboratory (2008). [6] M. Meyer, G. Hofman, S. Hayes, C. Clark, T. Wiencek, J. Snelgrove, R. Strain, K. Kim, Low- temperature irradiation behavior of uranium-molybdenum alloy dispersion fuel, J. Nucl. Mater. 304 (2002) 221. [7] Y. Kim, G. Hofman, J. Cheon, A. Robinson, D. Wachs, Fission induced swelling and creep of u-mo 220 alloy fuel, J. Nucl. Mater. 437 (2013) 37. [8] Y. Kim, G. Hofman, Fission product induced swelling of u-mo alloy fuel, J. Nucl. Mater. 419 (2011) 291. [9] M. Meyer, B. Rabin, J. Cole, I. Glagolenko, W. Jones, J.-F. Jue, J. D. Keiser, C. Miller, G. Moore, H. Ozaltun, F. Rice, A. Robinson, J. Smith, D. Wachs, W. Williams, N. Woolstenhulme, Preliminary 225 report on u-mo monolithic fuel for research reactors, Tech. Rep. INL/EXT-17-40975, Idaho National Laboratory (2017). [10] W. Williams, F. Rice, A. Robinson, M. Meyer, B. Rabin, Ap-6 mkii post-irradiation examination summary report, Tech. Rep. INL/LTD-15-34142, Idaho National Laboratory (2015). [11] L. Liang, Y. Kim, Z.-G. Mei, L. Aagesen, A. Yacout, Fission gas bubbles and recrystallization-induced 230 degradation of the eective thermal conductivity in u-7mo fuels, J. Nucl. Mater. 511 (2018) 438. 11[12] L. Liang, Z.-G. Mei, Y. Kim, M. Anitescu, A. Yacout, Three-dimensional phase-eld simulations of intragranular gas bubble evolution in irradiated u-mo fuel, Comp. Mat. Sci. 145 (2018) 86. [13] L. Liang, Z.-G. Mei, A. Yacout, Fission-induced recrystallization eect on intergranular bubble-driven swelling in u-mo fuel, Comp. Mat. Sci. 138 (2017) 16. [14] L. 235 Liang, Z.-G. Mei, Y. Kim, B. Ye, G. Hofman, M. Anitescu, A. Yacout, Mesoscale model for ssion- induced recrystallization in u-7mo alloy, Comp. Mat. Sci. 124 (2016) 228. [15] B. Ye, G. Hofman, A. Leenaers, A. Bergeron, V. Kuzminov, S. V. den Berghe, Y. Kim, H. Wallin, A modelling study of the inter-diusion layer formation in u-mo/al dispersion fuel plates at high power, J. Nucl. Mater. 499 (2018) 191. 240 [16] S. Hu, V. Joshi, C. Lavender, A rate-theory{phase-eld model of irradiation-induced recrystallization in umo nuclear fuels, JOM 69 (2017) 2554. [17] S. Hu, D. Burkes, C. Lavender, V. Joshi, Eect of grain morphology on gas bubble swelling in umo fuels { a 3d microstructure dependent booth model, J. Nucl. Mater. 480 (2016) 323. [18] S. Hu, D. Burkes, C. Lavender, D. Senor, W. Setyawan, Z. Xu, Formation mechanism of gas bubble 245 superlattice in umo metal fuels: Phase-eld modeling investigation, J. Nucl. Mater. 479 (2016) 202. [19] H.-X. Xiao, R. Tang, X.-F. Tian, C.-S. Long, Molecular dynamics simulation of xe behavior in u-mo alloys fuel, Chin. Phys. Lett. 31 (2014) 047101. [20] H.-X. Xiao, C.-S. Long, X.-F. Tian, S. Li, Atomistic simulations of the small xenon bubble behavior in u{mo alloy, Materials and Design 74 (2015) 55. 250 [21] S. Hu, W. Setyawan, V. Joshi, C. Lavender, Atomistic simulations of thermodynamic properties of xe gas bubbles in u10mo fuels, J. Nucl. Mater. 490 (2017) 49. [22] S. Plimpton, Fast parallel algorithms for short-range molecular dynamics, J. Comp. Phys. 117 (1995) 1{19. [23] D. Smirnova, A. Kuksin, S. Starikov, V. Stegailov, Z. Insepov, J. Rest, A. Yacout, A ternary eam 255 interatomic potential for u-mo alloys with xenon, Modelling Simul. Mater. Sci. Eng. 21 (2013) 035011. [24] N. Gronbech-Jensen, O. Farago, A simple and eective verlet-type algorithm for simulating langevin dynamics, Mol. Phys. 111 (2013) 983. [25] N. Gronbech-Jensen, N. Hayre, O. Farago, Application of the g-jf discrete-time thermostat for fast and accurate molecular simulations, Comp. Phys. Comm. 185 (2014) 524. 260 [26] A. Kaplun, A. Meshalkin, Thermodynamic validation of the form of unied equation of state for liquid and gas, High Temperature 41 (2003) 319. 12[27] B. Beeler, Y. Zhang, Y. Gao, An atomistic study of grain boundaries and surfaces in gamma u-mo, J. Nucl. Mater. 507 (2018) 248. [28] D. Smirnova, A. Kuksin, S. Starikov, V. Stegailov, Atomistic modeling of the self-diusion in gamma u 265 and gamma u-mo, Phys. Met. and Metall. 116 (2015) 445. 13